About.markdown, before:

---
title: About
layout: Default
---

About Dchem
==========

Dchem was started in 2008 while Fawzi was working at the Chemistry institute at [Prof. Sauer Group](http://www.chemie.hu-berlin.de/ag_sauer/index.php), with a [AvH fellowship](http://www.humboldt-foundation.de/web/start.html).

The aim was to build a new basis for my development of computational programs, especially in the chemistry and molecular modeling field.
At the moment it focuses more on the sampling part, implementing novel exploration techniques, but it scope is expected to become broader.

The [tango library](http://dsource.org/projects/tango) gave an excellent starting point for many things, but was missing some basic things.
For things that might be generally useful it was decided to use a very liberal apache 2.0 license, and release them as a separate libray [blip](http://fawzi.github.com/blip).

The more "applicative" part is the present project, dchem, and it is released as GPL v3.0, also to be able to profit without any licensing issues on my previous experience with [cp2k](http://cp2k.berlios.de/) which is GPL.

Hopefully soon there will be more people/work to list here...

enjoy

Fawzi

Commit message:

* First help to start out, linked about description to main page

About.markdown, after:

---
title: About
layout: Default
---

About Dchem
==========

Dchem was started in 2008 while Fawzi was working at the Chemistry institute at [Prof. Sauer Group](http://www.chemie.hu-berlin.de/ag_sauer/index.php), with a [AvH fellowship](http://www.humboldt-foundation.de/web/start.html).

The aim was to build a new basis for my development of computational programs, especially in the chemistry and molecular modeling field.
At the moment it focuses more on the sampling part, implementing novel exploration techniques, but it scope is expected to become broader.

The [tango library](http://dsource.org/projects/tango) gave an excellent starting point for many things, but was missing some basic things.
For things that might be generally useful it was decided to use a very liberal apache 2.0 license, and release them as a separate libray [blip](http://fawzi.github.com/blip).

The more "applicative" part is the present project, dchem, and it is released as GPL v3.0, also to be able to profit without any licensing issues on my previous experience with [cp2k](http://cp2k.berlios.de/) which is GPL.

The first pioneers in using dchem are
- Dr Jianwen Liu
- Dr. Sabrina Sicolo
many thanks to them to put up with all the bug and contribution to make dchem a working program.

enjoy

Fawzi
